feat(skore): Add metrics checks (#2714)
probabl-ai/skore: sphinx/user_guide/automatic_diagnostic.rst

- improve data representation and features,
- tune hyperparameters,
- collect richer data if possible.

.. _skd003-inconsistent_performance:

> SKD003 - Inconsistent performance across folds

Reviewer: nit: I thought that we had settled on using "split" everywhere rather than "fold"

Author: Changed every mention of "fold" to "split".

-----------------------------------------------

How it is detected
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This check applies only to :class:`~skore.CrossValidationReport`.

`skore` examines each fold's test scores across the report's default predictive metrics
(timing metrics are excluded). For every metric, a `modified Z-score
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_absolute_deviation#Relation_to_standard_deviation>`_
based on the Median Absolute Deviation (MAD) is computed:

.. math::

   z_i = 0.6745 \times \frac{x_i - \widetilde{x}}{\text{MAD}}

It is a version of the Z-score that is more robust to extreme values and does not make
assumptions about the distribution of the data.
A fold is flagged as an outlier for a given metric when :math:`|z_i| > 3` which is
analogous to being outside 3 standard deviations from the mean.

A fold votes as inconsistent when a **strict majority** of metrics flag it as an

> outlier. The check detects an issue when at least one fold is voted inconsistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fold is considered inconsistent when a **strict majority** of metrics flag it as an
outlier. The check reports an issue if at least one fold is labeled inconsistent.
```

Why it matters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When one or more folds perform very differently from the rest, the cross-validation
estimate becomes unreliable. The anomaly may reveal data leakage, uneven class
distributions across folds, or a model that is sensitive to specific data splits.

How to reduce the risk
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- use stratified or grouped cross-validation to ensure a more even split,
- investigate whether the outlier fold contains a different data distribution,
- check for data leakage or temporal effects,
- increase the size of the dataset to improve stability.

.. _skd004-high_class_imbalance:

SKD004 - High class imbalance
------------------------------

How it is detected
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This check applies only to binary classification tasks.

`skore` counts the occurrences of each class across the train and test sets. The check
detects an issue when the most frequent class represents more than **80 %** of the
dataset.

Why it matters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When one class dominates the dataset, a model can achieve high accuracy simply by

> predicting the majority class. Accuracy alone becomes a misleading performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constantly predicting the majority class. Accuracy alone becomes a misleading performance
```

- improve data representation and features,
- tune hyperparameters,
- collect richer data if possible.

.. _skd003-inconsistent_performance:

SKD003 - Inconsistent performance across folds
-----------------------------------------------

How it is detected
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This check applies only to :class:`~skore.CrossValidationReport`.

`skore` examines each fold's test scores across the report's default predictive metrics

> (timing metrics are excluded). For every metric, a **modified Z-score** based on the

Author: Done, added more details on why we use this score.
